docs/apache-airflow-providers-apache-beam/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-apache-beam
------------------------------------------------------

`Apache Beam <https://beam.apache.org/>`__.


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``apache.beam``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-05

================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
`8a731f536 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8a731f536cc946cc62c20921187354b828df931e>`_  2021-02-05   ``Improve Apache Beam operators - refactor operator - common Dataflow logic (#14094)``
`10343ec29 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/10343ec29f8f0abc5b932ba26faf49bc63c6bcda>`_  2021-02-05   ``Corrections in docs and tools after releasing provider RCs (#14082)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================================
`d45739f7c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d45739f7ce0de183329d67fff88a9da3943a9280>`_  2021-02-04   ``Fixes to release process after releasing 2nd wave of providers (#14059)``
`1872d8719 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1872d8719d24f94aeb1dcba9694837070b9884ca>`_  2021-02-03   ``Add Apache Beam operators (#12814)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================================

Commit message:

Prepare ad-hoc release of the four previously excluded providers (#14655)
Documentation update for the four previously excluded providers that
got extra fixes/bumping to the latest version of the libraries.

* apache.beam
* apache.druid
* microsoft.azure
* snowflake

docs/apache-airflow-providers-apache-beam/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-apache-beam
------------------------------------------------------

`Apache Beam <https://beam.apache.org/>`__.


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``apache.beam``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-03-03

================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
`4e5763060 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e5763060683456405ab6173cdee1f2facc231e5>`_  2021-03-03   ``Remove WARNINGs from BeamHook (#14554)``
`589d6dec9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/589d6dec922565897785bcbc5ac6bb3b973d7f5d>`_  2021-02-27   ``Prepare to release the next wave of providers: (#14487)``
`8a731f536 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8a731f536cc946cc62c20921187354b828df931e>`_  2021-02-05   ``Improve Apache Beam operators - refactor operator - common Dataflow logic (#14094)``
`10343ec29 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/10343ec29f8f0abc5b932ba26faf49bc63c6bcda>`_  2021-02-05   ``Corrections in docs and tools after releasing provider RCs (#14082)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================================
`d45739f7c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d45739f7ce0de183329d67fff88a9da3943a9280>`_  2021-02-04   ``Fixes to release process after releasing 2nd wave of providers (#14059)``
`1872d8719 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1872d8719d24f94aeb1dcba9694837070b9884ca>`_  2021-02-03   ``Add Apache Beam operators (#12814)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ===========================================================================
