airflow/providers/mysql/ADDITIONAL_INFO.md, before:

<!--
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
 -->

# Mysql client requirements

The version of MySQL server has to be 5.6.4+. The exact version upper bound depends
on the version of ``mysqlclient`` package. For example, ``mysqlclient`` 1.3.12 can only be
used with MySQL server 5.6.4 through 5.7.

Commit message:

Prepare to release the next wave of providers: (#14487)
* Prepare to release the next wave of providers:

Regular providers:

* amazon          - 1.2.0
* apache.beam     - 1.0.1
* apache.druid    - 1.1.0
* apache.hive     - 1.0.2
* apache.spark    - 1.0.2
* cncf.kubernetes - 1.0.2
* dingding        - 1.0.2
* docker          - 1.0.2
* elasticsearch   - 1.0.2
* exasol          - 1.1.0
* google          - 2.1.0
* http            - 1.1.1
* jenkins         - 1.1.0
* microsoft.azure - 1.2.0
* mysql           - 1.0.2
* neo4j           - 1.0.1
* openfaas        - 1.1.1
* papermill       - 1.0.2
* presto          - 1.0.2
* qubole          - 1.0.2
* salesforce      - 2.0.0
* sendgrid        - 1.0.2
* sftp            - 1.1.1
* slack           - 3.0.0
* snowflake       - 1.1.1
* sqlite          - 1.0.2
* ssh             - 1.2.0
* tableau         - 1.0.0
* telegram        - 1.0.2

Backport providers (all in version 2021.3.3):

amazon apache.beam apache.druid apache.hive apache.spark cncf.kubernetes
dingding docker elasticsearch exasol google http jenkins microsoft.azure
mysql neo4j openfaas papermill presto qubole salesforce sendgrid sftp
slack snowflake sqlite ssh tableau telegram

* fixup! Prepare to release the next wave of providers:

airflow/providers/mysql/ADDITIONAL_INFO.md, after:

<!--
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
 -->

## Release 2021.3.3

### Bug fixes

* `MySQL hook respects conn_name_attr (#14240)`

# Mysql client requirements

The version of MySQL server has to be 5.6.4+. The exact version upper bound depends
on the version of `mysqlclient` package. For example, `mysqlclient` 1.3.12 can only be
used with MySQL server 5.6.4 through 5.7.
