docs/apache-airflow-providers-apache-druid/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-apache-druid
------------------------------------------------------

`Apache Druid <https://druid.apache.org/>`__.


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``apache.druid``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-26

================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================
`33214d932 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/33214d9326bb0bb52f06e230895f4f68fc952664>`_  2021-02-26   ``Refactor SQL/BigQuery/Qubole/Druid Check operators (#12677)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
`88bdcfa0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`ac2f72c98 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`a9ac2b040 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a9ac2b040b64de1aa5d9c2b9def33334e36a8d22>`_  2021-01-23   ``Switch to f-strings using flynt. (#13732)``
`295d66f91 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
`5090fb0c8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5090fb0c8967d2d8719c6f4a468f2151395b5444>`_  2020-12-15   ``Add script to generate integrations.json (#13073)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================================
`32971a1a2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa08 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`c34ef853c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`008035450 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`ae7cb4a1e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d>`_  2020-11-17   ``Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)``
`6889a333c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03>`_  2020-11-15   ``Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)``
`3a72fc824 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3a72fc82475df3b745a00a7b5e34eef9d27b3329>`_  2020-11-14   ``Fix Description of Provider Docs (#12361)``
`7825e8f59 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`dd2095f4a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/dd2095f4a8b07c9b1a4c279a3578cd1e23b71a1b>`_  2020-11-10   ``Simplify string expressions & Use f-string (#12216)``
`85a18e13d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75>`_  2020-11-09   ``Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)``
`59eb5de78 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca>`_  2020-11-09   ``Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)``
`b2a28d159 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32>`_  2020-11-09   ``Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)``
`41bf172c1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/41bf172c1dc75099f4f9d8b3f3350b4b1f523ef9>`_  2020-11-04   ``Simplify string expressions (#12093)``
`4e8f9cc8d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68>`_  2020-11-03   ``Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)``
`8c42cf1b0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8c42cf1b00c90f0d7f11b8a3a455381de8e003c5>`_  2020-11-03   ``Use PyUpgrade to use Python 3.6 features (#11447)``
`5a439e84e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0>`_  2020-10-26   ``Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)``
`872b1566a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574>`_  2020-10-25   ``Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826)``
`349b0811c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a>`_  2020-10-20   ``Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)``
`16e712971 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746>`_  2020-10-13   ``Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487)``
`0a0e1af80 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa>`_  2020-10-03   ``Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)``
`ca4238eb4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13>`_  2020-10-02   ``Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)``
`5220e4c38 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5>`_  2020-10-02   ``Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)``
`f3e87c503 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3e87c503081a3085dff6c7352640d7f08beb5bc>`_  2020-09-22   ``Add D202 pydocstyle check (#11032)``
`9549274d1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9549274d110f689a0bd709db829a4d69e274eed9>`_  2020-09-09   ``Upgrade black to 20.8b1 (#10818)``
`fdd9b6f65 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`3696c34c2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3696c34c28c6bc7b442deab999d9ecba24ed0e34>`_  2020-08-24   ``Fix typo in the word "release" (#10528)``
`ee7ca128a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ee7ca128a17937313566f2badb6cc569c614db94>`_  2020-08-22   ``Fix broken Markdown refernces in Providers README (#10483)``
`7c206a82a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7c206a82a6f074abcc4898a005ecd2c84a920054>`_  2020-08-22   ``Replace assigment with Augmented assignment (#10468)``
`3b3287d7a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3b3287d7acc76430f12b758d52cec61c7f74e726>`_  2020-08-05   ``Enforce keyword only arguments on apache operators (#10170)``
`33f0cd265 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/33f0cd2657b2e77ea3477e0c93f13f1474be628e>`_  2020-07-22   ``apply_default keeps the function signature for mypy (#9784)``
`4d74ac211 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4d74ac2111862186598daf92cbf2c525617061c2>`_  2020-07-19   ``Increase typing for Apache and http provider package (#9729)``
`d0e7db402 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d0e7db4024806af35e3c9a2cae460fdeedd4d2ec>`_  2020-06-19   ``Fixed release number for fresh release (#9408)``
`12af6a080 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12af6a08009b8776e00d8a0aab92363eb8c4e8b1>`_  2020-06-19   ``Final cleanup for 2020.6.23rc1 release preparation (#9404)``
`c7e5bce57 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c7e5bce57fe7f51cefce4f8a41ce408ac5675d13>`_  2020-06-19   ``Prepare backport release candidate for 2020.6.23rc1 (#9370)``
`f6bd817a3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6bd817a3aac0a16430fc2e3d59c1f17a69a15ac>`_  2020-06-16   ``Introduce 'transfers' packages (#9320)``
`0b0e4f7a4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0b0e4f7a4cceff3efe15161fb40b984782760a34>`_  2020-05-26   ``Preparing for RC3 relase of backports (#9026)``
`00642a46d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00642a46d019870c4decb3d0e47c01d6a25cb88c>`_  2020-05-26   ``Fixed name of 20 remaining wrongly named operators. (#8994)``
`375d1ca22 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/375d1ca229464617780623c61c6e8a1bf570c87f>`_  2020-05-19   ``Release candidate 2 for backport packages 2020.05.20 (#8898)``
`12c5e5d8a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c5e5d8ae25fa633efe63ccf4db389e2b796d79>`_  2020-05-17   ``Prepare release candidate for backport packages (#8891)``
`f3521fb0e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3521fb0e36733d8bd356123e56a453fd37a6dca>`_  2020-05-16   ``Regenerate readme files for backport package release (#8886)``
`92585ca4c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/92585ca4cb375ac879f4ab331b3a063106eb7b92>`_  2020-05-15   ``Added automated release notes generation for backport operators (#8807)``
`4bde99f13 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4bde99f1323d72f6c84c1548079d5e98fc0a2a9a>`_  2020-03-23   ``Make airflow/providers pylint compatible (#7802)``
`7e6372a68 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7e6372a681a2a543f4710b083219aeb53b074388>`_  2020-03-23   ``Add call to Super call in apache providers (#7820)``
`97a429f9d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97a429f9d0cf740c5698060ad55f11e93cb57b55>`_  2020-02-02   ``[AIRFLOW-6714] Remove magic comments about UTF-8 (#7338)``
`057f3ae3a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/057f3ae3a4afedf6d462ecf58b01dd6304d3e135>`_  2020-01-29   ``[AIRFLOW-6670][depends on AIRFLOW-6669] Move contrib operators to providers package (#7286)``
`086d731ce <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/086d731ce0066b3037d96df2a05cea1101ed3c17>`_  2020-01-14   ``[AIRFLOW-6510] Fix druid operator templating (#7127)``
`0481b9a95 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0481b9a95786a62de4776a735ae80e746583ef2b>`_  2020-01-12   ``[AIRFLOW-6539][AIP-21] Move Apache classes to providers.apache package (#7142)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================================

Commit message:

Prepare ad-hoc release of the four previously excluded providers (#14655)
Documentation update for the four previously excluded providers that
got extra fixes/bumping to the latest version of the libraries.

* apache.beam
* apache.druid
* microsoft.azure
* snowflake

docs/apache-airflow-providers-apache-druid/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-apache-druid
------------------------------------------------------

`Apache Druid <https://druid.apache.org/>`__.


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``apache.druid``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-03-05

================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================
`59065400f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59065400ff6333e3ff085f3d9fe9005a0a849aef>`_  2021-03-05   ``Bugfix: DruidOperator fails to submit ingestion tasks (#14418)``
`589d6dec9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/589d6dec922565897785bcbc5ac6bb3b973d7f5d>`_  2021-02-27   ``Prepare to release the next wave of providers: (#14487)``
`33214d932 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/33214d9326bb0bb52f06e230895f4f68fc952664>`_  2021-02-26   ``Refactor SQL/BigQuery/Qubole/Druid Check operators (#12677)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
`88bdcfa0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`ac2f72c98 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`a9ac2b040 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a9ac2b040b64de1aa5d9c2b9def33334e36a8d22>`_  2021-01-23   ``Switch to f-strings using flynt. (#13732)``
`295d66f91 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
`5090fb0c8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5090fb0c8967d2d8719c6f4a468f2151395b5444>`_  2020-12-15   ``Add script to generate integrations.json (#13073)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================================
`32971a1a2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa08 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`c34ef853c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`008035450 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`ae7cb4a1e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d>`_  2020-11-17   ``Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)``
`6889a333c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03>`_  2020-11-15   ``Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)``
`3a72fc824 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3a72fc82475df3b745a00a7b5e34eef9d27b3329>`_  2020-11-14   ``Fix Description of Provider Docs (#12361)``
`7825e8f59 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`dd2095f4a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/dd2095f4a8b07c9b1a4c279a3578cd1e23b71a1b>`_  2020-11-10   ``Simplify string expressions & Use f-string (#12216)``
`85a18e13d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75>`_  2020-11-09   ``Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)``
`59eb5de78 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca>`_  2020-11-09   ``Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)``
`b2a28d159 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32>`_  2020-11-09   ``Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)``
`41bf172c1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/41bf172c1dc75099f4f9d8b3f3350b4b1f523ef9>`_  2020-11-04   ``Simplify string expressions (#12093)``
`4e8f9cc8d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68>`_  2020-11-03   ``Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)``
`8c42cf1b0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8c42cf1b00c90f0d7f11b8a3a455381de8e003c5>`_  2020-11-03   ``Use PyUpgrade to use Python 3.6 features (#11447)``
`5a439e84e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0>`_  2020-10-26   ``Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)``
`872b1566a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574>`_  2020-10-25   ``Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826)``
`349b0811c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a>`_  2020-10-20   ``Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)``
`16e712971 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746>`_  2020-10-13   ``Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487)``
`0a0e1af80 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa>`_  2020-10-03   ``Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)``
`ca4238eb4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13>`_  2020-10-02   ``Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)``
`5220e4c38 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5>`_  2020-10-02   ``Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)``
`f3e87c503 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3e87c503081a3085dff6c7352640d7f08beb5bc>`_  2020-09-22   ``Add D202 pydocstyle check (#11032)``
`9549274d1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9549274d110f689a0bd709db829a4d69e274eed9>`_  2020-09-09   ``Upgrade black to 20.8b1 (#10818)``
`fdd9b6f65 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`3696c34c2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3696c34c28c6bc7b442deab999d9ecba24ed0e34>`_  2020-08-24   ``Fix typo in the word "release" (#10528)``
`ee7ca128a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ee7ca128a17937313566f2badb6cc569c614db94>`_  2020-08-22   ``Fix broken Markdown refernces in Providers README (#10483)``
`7c206a82a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7c206a82a6f074abcc4898a005ecd2c84a920054>`_  2020-08-22   ``Replace assigment with Augmented assignment (#10468)``
`3b3287d7a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3b3287d7acc76430f12b758d52cec61c7f74e726>`_  2020-08-05   ``Enforce keyword only arguments on apache operators (#10170)``
`33f0cd265 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/33f0cd2657b2e77ea3477e0c93f13f1474be628e>`_  2020-07-22   ``apply_default keeps the function signature for mypy (#9784)``
`4d74ac211 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4d74ac2111862186598daf92cbf2c525617061c2>`_  2020-07-19   ``Increase typing for Apache and http provider package (#9729)``
`d0e7db402 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d0e7db4024806af35e3c9a2cae460fdeedd4d2ec>`_  2020-06-19   ``Fixed release number for fresh release (#9408)``
`12af6a080 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12af6a08009b8776e00d8a0aab92363eb8c4e8b1>`_  2020-06-19   ``Final cleanup for 2020.6.23rc1 release preparation (#9404)``
`c7e5bce57 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c7e5bce57fe7f51cefce4f8a41ce408ac5675d13>`_  2020-06-19   ``Prepare backport release candidate for 2020.6.23rc1 (#9370)``
`f6bd817a3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6bd817a3aac0a16430fc2e3d59c1f17a69a15ac>`_  2020-06-16   ``Introduce 'transfers' packages (#9320)``
`0b0e4f7a4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0b0e4f7a4cceff3efe15161fb40b984782760a34>`_  2020-05-26   ``Preparing for RC3 relase of backports (#9026)``
`00642a46d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00642a46d019870c4decb3d0e47c01d6a25cb88c>`_  2020-05-26   ``Fixed name of 20 remaining wrongly named operators. (#8994)``
`375d1ca22 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/375d1ca229464617780623c61c6e8a1bf570c87f>`_  2020-05-19   ``Release candidate 2 for backport packages 2020.05.20 (#8898)``
`12c5e5d8a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c5e5d8ae25fa633efe63ccf4db389e2b796d79>`_  2020-05-17   ``Prepare release candidate for backport packages (#8891)``
`f3521fb0e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3521fb0e36733d8bd356123e56a453fd37a6dca>`_  2020-05-16   ``Regenerate readme files for backport package release (#8886)``
`92585ca4c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/92585ca4cb375ac879f4ab331b3a063106eb7b92>`_  2020-05-15   ``Added automated release notes generation for backport operators (#8807)``
`4bde99f13 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4bde99f1323d72f6c84c1548079d5e98fc0a2a9a>`_  2020-03-23   ``Make airflow/providers pylint compatible (#7802)``
`7e6372a68 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7e6372a681a2a543f4710b083219aeb53b074388>`_  2020-03-23   ``Add call to Super call in apache providers (#7820)``
`97a429f9d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97a429f9d0cf740c5698060ad55f11e93cb57b55>`_  2020-02-02   ``[AIRFLOW-6714] Remove magic comments about UTF-8 (#7338)``
`057f3ae3a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/057f3ae3a4afedf6d462ecf58b01dd6304d3e135>`_  2020-01-29   ``[AIRFLOW-6670][depends on AIRFLOW-6669] Move contrib operators to providers package (#7286)``
`086d731ce <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/086d731ce0066b3037d96df2a05cea1101ed3c17>`_  2020-01-14   ``[AIRFLOW-6510] Fix druid operator templating (#7127)``
`0481b9a95 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0481b9a95786a62de4776a735ae80e746583ef2b>`_  2020-01-12   ``[AIRFLOW-6539][AIP-21] Move Apache classes to providers.apache package (#7142)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ===============================================================================================
