docs/apache-airflow/upgrade-check.rst, before:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Upgrade Check Script
--------------------

.. contents:: :local:

.. _upgrade-check:

Getting the Airflow Upgrade Check Package
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Apache Airflow is published as ``apache-airflow`` package in PyPI. The Upgrade Check Script is part of a
separate Python Package, since it is separate from the core Apache Airflow package and is only needed for
a period of time and specifically only for upgrading from Airflow 1.10 releases to Airflow 2.0.

While there has been a lot of work put into making this upgrade as easy as possible, there are some
changes which are compatible between Airflow 1.10 and Airflow 2.0. In order to make this as simple to
navigate, we recommend that people first upgrade to the latest release in the 1.10 series (at the
time of writing: 1.10.14) and then to download this package and run the script as detailed below.


.. note::

   On November 2020, new version of PIP (20.3) has been released with a new, 2020 resolver. This resolver
   does not yet work with Apache Airflow and might lead to errors in installation - depends on your choice
   of extras. In order to install Airflow you need to either downgrade pip to version 20.2.4
   ``pip install --upgrade pip==20.2.4`` or, in case you use Pip 20.3, you need to add option
   ``--use-deprecated legacy-resolver`` to your pip install command.

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install apache-airflow-upgrade-check

This will install the latest version of the Airflow Upgrade check package.


Running the Airflow Upgrade Check Package
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check

This will print out to the screen a number of actions that should be taken before upgrading the Airflow
release to 2.0.0 or higher.

The exit code of the command will be 0 (success) if no problems are found in running the command, or 1 if
problems were encountered in running the check.

A sample output as a result of a successful run of the upgrade check is shown below.

.. code-block:: bash

    ============================================== STATUS ============================================

    Check for latest versions of apache-airflow and checker..................................SUCCESS
    Remove airflow.AirflowMacroPlugin class..................................................SUCCESS
    Chain between DAG and operator not allowed...............................................SUCCESS
    Connection.conn_id is not unique.........................................................SUCCESS
    Connection.conn_type is not nullable.....................................................SUCCESS
    Fernet is enabled by default.............................................................FAIL
    GCP service account key deprecation......................................................SUCCESS
    Changes in import paths of hooks, operators, sensors and others..........................FAIL
    Users must delete deprecated configs for KubernetesExecutor..............................FAIL
    Legacy UI is deprecated by default.......................................................SUCCESS
    Logging configuration has been moved to new section......................................FAIL
    Removal of Mesos Executor................................................................SUCCESS
    Users must set a kubernetes.pod_template_file value......................................FAIL
    SendGrid email uses old airflow.contrib module...........................................SUCCESS
    Changes in import path of remote task handlers...........................................SUCCESS
    Jinja Template Variables cannot be undefined.............................................FAIL
    Found 7 problems.

    ========================================== RECOMMENDATIONS ========================================

    Fernet is enabled by default
    ----------------------------
    The fernet mechanism is enabled by default to increase the security of the default installation.

    Problems:

    1.  fernet_key in airflow.cfg must be explicitly set empty as fernet mechanism is enabledby default. This means that the apache-airflow[crypto] extra-packages are always installed.However, this requires that your operating system has libffi-dev installed.

    Changes in import paths of hooks, operators, sensors and others
    ---------------------------------------------------------------
    Many hooks, operators and other classes has been renamed and moved. Those changes were part of unifying names and imports paths as described in AIP-21.
    The contrib folder has been replaced by providers directory and packages:
    https://github.com/apache/airflow#backport-packages

    Problems:

    1.  Using ``airflow.operators.python_operator.PythonOperator`` will be replaced by ``airflow.operators.python.PythonOperator``. Affected file:


The following sections describe what is being done and how to apply the recommendations shown above.
Please note that the above results shown are only a partial set, where only the first
two of the seven problems identified are shown in the section above. In reality,
all the problems are shown on the screen.


Understanding what is being checked
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Upgrade Check checks the configuration data from airflow.cfg, the meta data from the Airflow
database, as well as the DAGs which have been set up in the current Airflow environment.

Using the above results as an example, there are two specific problems which have
been identified.

The first problem is identified in the configuration file airflow.cfg where the current configuration
option for the fernet_key is no longer acceptable and needs to be changed. This is because as of
Airflow 2.0, the fernet_key cannot be left empty, but needs to have a defined value. Examining the
problematic airflow.cfg and searching for the fernet_key entries would show the following:

.. code-block:: bash

    fernet_key =

The second problem was identified in one of the DAGs. In this case, this import
statement for the ``PythonOperator`` needs to be changed, since the location is different
in Airflow 2.0. Examining the DAG file would probably show the following:

.. code-block:: python

    from airflow.operators.python_operator import PythonOperator

We will discuss how to fix these and make them compatible with Airflow 2.0 in the next
section.


Applying the Recommendations
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

In most cases, the Recommendations result section of the Upgrade check contains
enough information to make the change.

For the first problem identified above with respect to the fernet_key, the solution is
to enter a valid value in the Airflow Configuration file airflow.cfg for the fernet_key.

For the second problem, looking at the source of the DAG file and changing the import
statement for the Python Operator to be as follows will make this DAG work in Airflow 2.0.

.. code-block:: python

    from airflow.operators.python import PythonOperator

However, at the time of writing, this is incompatible in Airflow 1.10.14. So, this change
can only be made while moving to Airflow 2.0.


Turning off checks
''''''''''''''''''

Advanced Airflow users or those with multiple Airflow deployments may want to
customize the Upgrade Checks to their environment by turning off certain
checks which are not applicable to them. And example of this is users with
Airflow deployments not using the ``KubernetesPodOperator`` may want to turn off upgrade
checks related to the ``KubernetesPodOperator``.

This can be done by creating an "upgrade config file" in YAML as shown below:

.. code-block::

    ignored_rules:
        - PodTemplateFileRule

To use this configuration file (named ```upgrade-configuration.yaml`` for  this
example) while running the upgrade check script, use the following command syntax:

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check --config=./upgrade-configuration.yaml


Adding custom checks
''''''''''''''''''''

Advanced Airflow users or those with multiple Airflow deployments may also
want to add additional upgrade checks for specific elements in their
environment whether it is DAGs or configuration related.

These additional checks should be defined in a Python class and added as
``custom_rules`` in the "upgrade config file" as shown below:

.. code-block::

    custom_rules:
        - path.CustomCheckClass1
        - path.CustomCheckClass2

Now, invoke the upgrade check script using this configuration file as shown
below (the config file is named ``upgrade-configuration.yaml`` in
this example):

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check --config=./upgrade-configuration.yaml

Commit message:

Update installation notes to warn against common problems. (#13727)
We have recently seen a number of issues created by users who
tried to install airflow with poetry or pip-tools or who had
successes with using the latest pip 20.3.3. This change aims
to update the 'note' content and make sure installation
instructions are consistent everywhere, so that new users
are warned against using anything else than PIP and that they
are aware about potential problems with 'pip 20.3' and ways
to mitigate the problems.

This responds to the needs of confused users such as
one in https://github.com/apache/airflow/issues/13711#issuecomment-761694781

(cherry picked from commit c82f89f52cb057f6c3771b5f6aef45a5dde0db48)

docs/apache-airflow/upgrade-check.rst, after:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Upgrade Check Script
--------------------

.. contents:: :local:

.. _upgrade-check:

Getting the Airflow Upgrade Check Package
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Apache Airflow is published as ``apache-airflow`` package in PyPI. The Upgrade Check Script is part of a
separate Python Package, since it is separate from the core Apache Airflow package and is only needed for
a period of time and specifically only for upgrading from Airflow 1.10 releases to Airflow 2.0.

While there has been a lot of work put into making this upgrade as easy as possible, there are some
changes which are compatible between Airflow 1.10 and Airflow 2.0. In order to make this as simple to
navigate, we recommend that people first upgrade to the latest release in the 1.10 series (at the
time of writing: 1.10.14) and then to download this package and run the script as detailed below.


.. note::

   On November 2020, new version of PIP (20.3) has been released with a new, 2020 resolver. This resolver
   might work with Apache Airflow as of 20.3.3, but it might lead to errors in installation. It might
   depend on your choice of extras. In order to install Airflow you might need to either downgrade
   pip to version 20.2.4 ``pip install --upgrade pip==20.2.4`` or, in case you use Pip 20.3,
   you need to add option ``--use-deprecated legacy-resolver`` to your pip install command.

   While ``pip 20.3.3`` solved most of the ``teething`` problems of 20.3, this note will remain here until we
   set ``pip 20.3`` as official version in our CI pipeline where we are testing the installation as well.
   Due to those constraints, only ``pip`` installation is currently officially supported.

   While they are some successes with using other tools like `poetry <https://python-poetry.org/>`_ or
   `pip-tools <https://pypi.org/project/pip-tools/>`_, they do not share the same workflow as
   ``pip`` - especially when it comes to constraint vs. requirements management.
   Installing via ``Poetry`` or ``pip-tools`` is not currently supported.

   If you wish to install airflow using those tools you should use the constraint files and convert
   them to appropriate format and workflow that your tool requires.

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install apache-airflow-upgrade-check

This will install the latest version of the Airflow Upgrade check package.


Running the Airflow Upgrade Check Package
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check

This will print out to the screen a number of actions that should be taken before upgrading the Airflow
release to 2.0.0 or higher.

The exit code of the command will be 0 (success) if no problems are found in running the command, or 1 if
problems were encountered in running the check.

A sample output as a result of a successful run of the upgrade check is shown below.

.. code-block:: bash

    ============================================== STATUS ============================================

    Check for latest versions of apache-airflow and checker..................................SUCCESS
    Remove airflow.AirflowMacroPlugin class..................................................SUCCESS
    Chain between DAG and operator not allowed...............................................SUCCESS
    Connection.conn_id is not unique.........................................................SUCCESS
    Connection.conn_type is not nullable.....................................................SUCCESS
    Fernet is enabled by default.............................................................FAIL
    GCP service account key deprecation......................................................SUCCESS
    Changes in import paths of hooks, operators, sensors and others..........................FAIL
    Users must delete deprecated configs for KubernetesExecutor..............................FAIL
    Legacy UI is deprecated by default.......................................................SUCCESS
    Logging configuration has been moved to new section......................................FAIL
    Removal of Mesos Executor................................................................SUCCESS
    Users must set a kubernetes.pod_template_file value......................................FAIL
    SendGrid email uses old airflow.contrib module...........................................SUCCESS
    Changes in import path of remote task handlers...........................................SUCCESS
    Jinja Template Variables cannot be undefined.............................................FAIL
    Found 7 problems.

    ========================================== RECOMMENDATIONS ========================================

    Fernet is enabled by default
    ----------------------------
    The fernet mechanism is enabled by default to increase the security of the default installation.

    Problems:

    1.  fernet_key in airflow.cfg must be explicitly set empty as fernet mechanism is enabledby default. This means that the apache-airflow[crypto] extra-packages are always installed.However, this requires that your operating system has libffi-dev installed.

    Changes in import paths of hooks, operators, sensors and others
    ---------------------------------------------------------------
    Many hooks, operators and other classes has been renamed and moved. Those changes were part of unifying names and imports paths as described in AIP-21.
    The contrib folder has been replaced by providers directory and packages:
    https://github.com/apache/airflow#backport-packages

    Problems:

    1.  Using ``airflow.operators.python_operator.PythonOperator`` will be replaced by ``airflow.operators.python.PythonOperator``. Affected file:


The following sections describe what is being done and how to apply the recommendations shown above.
Please note that the above results shown are only a partial set, where only the first
two of the seven problems identified are shown in the section above. In reality,
all the problems are shown on the screen.


Understanding what is being checked
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The Upgrade Check checks the configuration data from airflow.cfg, the meta data from the Airflow
database, as well as the DAGs which have been set up in the current Airflow environment.

Using the above results as an example, there are two specific problems which have
been identified.

The first problem is identified in the configuration file airflow.cfg where the current configuration
option for the fernet_key is no longer acceptable and needs to be changed. This is because as of
Airflow 2.0, the fernet_key cannot be left empty, but needs to have a defined value. Examining the
problematic airflow.cfg and searching for the fernet_key entries would show the following:

.. code-block:: bash

    fernet_key =

The second problem was identified in one of the DAGs. In this case, this import
statement for the ``PythonOperator`` needs to be changed, since the location is different
in Airflow 2.0. Examining the DAG file would probably show the following:

.. code-block:: python

    from airflow.operators.python_operator import PythonOperator

We will discuss how to fix these and make them compatible with Airflow 2.0 in the next
section.


Applying the Recommendations
''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

In most cases, the Recommendations result section of the Upgrade check contains
enough information to make the change.

For the first problem identified above with respect to the fernet_key, the solution is
to enter a valid value in the Airflow Configuration file airflow.cfg for the fernet_key.

For the second problem, looking at the source of the DAG file and changing the import
statement for the Python Operator to be as follows will make this DAG work in Airflow 2.0.

.. code-block:: python

    from airflow.operators.python import PythonOperator

However, at the time of writing, this is incompatible in Airflow 1.10.14. So, this change
can only be made while moving to Airflow 2.0.


Turning off checks
''''''''''''''''''

Advanced Airflow users or those with multiple Airflow deployments may want to
customize the Upgrade Checks to their environment by turning off certain
checks which are not applicable to them. And example of this is users with
Airflow deployments not using the ``KubernetesPodOperator`` may want to turn off upgrade
checks related to the ``KubernetesPodOperator``.

This can be done by creating an "upgrade config file" in YAML as shown below:

.. code-block::

    ignored_rules:
        - PodTemplateFileRule

To use this configuration file (named ```upgrade-configuration.yaml`` for  this
example) while running the upgrade check script, use the following command syntax:

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check --config=./upgrade-configuration.yaml


Adding custom checks
''''''''''''''''''''

Advanced Airflow users or those with multiple Airflow deployments may also
want to add additional upgrade checks for specific elements in their
environment whether it is DAGs or configuration related.

These additional checks should be defined in a Python class and added as
``custom_rules`` in the "upgrade config file" as shown below:

.. code-block::

    custom_rules:
        - path.CustomCheckClass1
        - path.CustomCheckClass2

Now, invoke the upgrade check script using this configuration file as shown
below (the config file is named ``upgrade-configuration.yaml`` in
this example):

.. code-block:: bash

    airflow upgrade_check --config=./upgrade-configuration.yaml
