airflow/ui/README.md, before:

<!--
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
 -->

# Airflow UI

## Built with:

- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - a JavaScript library for building user interfaces
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - extends JavaScript by adding types.
- [Neutrino](https://neutrinojs.org/) - lets you build web and Node.js applications with shared presets or configurations.
- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/) - a simple, modular and accessible component library that gives you all the building blocks you need to build your React applications.
- [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/) - write tests that focus on functionality instead of implementation

## Installation

Clone the repository and use the package manager [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) to install dependencies and get the project running.

```bash
yarn install
yarn start
```

Other useful commands include:

```bash
yarn lint
```

```bash
yarn test
```

## Contributing

Be sure to check out our [contribution guide](/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

Add basic authentication to new UI (#14988)
* Adds initial router, routes, and placeholder views

* fix router tests

- fix linting with `skipLibCheck`
- fix motion warning on test with `resolutions` in `package.json`

* add login with basic auth

* add simple header/logout + readme for env

* remove unnecessary library

* add licenses

* more strict allow origin

* remove resolution

Co-authored-by: Ryan Hamilton <ryan@ryanahamilton.com>

airflow/ui/README.md, after:

<!--
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
 -->

# Airflow UI

## Built with:

- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - a JavaScript library for building user interfaces
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - extends JavaScript by adding types.
- [Neutrino](https://neutrinojs.org/) - lets you build web and Node.js applications with shared presets or configurations.
- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/) - a simple, modular and accessible component library that gives you all the building blocks you need to build your React applications.
- [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/) - write tests that focus on functionality instead of implementation

## Environment variables

To communicate with the API you need to adjust some environment variables for the webserver and this UI.

Be sure to allow CORS headers and set up an auth backend on your Airflow instance.

```
export AIRFLOW__API__AUTH_BACKEND=airflow.api.auth.backend.basic_auth
export AIRFLOW__API__ACCESS_CONTROL_ALLOW_HEADERS=*
export AIRFLOW__API__ACCESS_CONTROL_ALLOW_METHODS=*
export AIRFLOW__API__ACCESS_CONTROL_ALLOW_ORIGIN=http://127.0.0.1:28080/
```

Create your local environment and adjust the `API_URL` if needed.

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

## Installation

Clone the repository and use the package manager [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) to install dependencies and get the project running.

```bash
yarn install
yarn start
```

Other useful commands include:

```bash
yarn lint
```

```bash
yarn test
```

## Contributing

Be sure to check out our [contribution guide](/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)
