docs/apache-airflow-providers-sftp/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-sftp
------------------------------------------------------

`SSH File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) <https://tools.ietf.org/wg/secsh/draft-ietf-secsh-filexfer/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``sftp``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-03

================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================================
`9af452aee <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9af452aee53dd300535dadd108ce3e60c5f11a2e>`_  2021-02-03   ``Add retryer to SFTP hook connection (#13065)``
`ac2f72c98 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`a9ac2b040 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a9ac2b040b64de1aa5d9c2b9def33334e36a8d22>`_  2021-01-23   ``Switch to f-strings using flynt. (#13732)``
`3fd5ef355 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e>`_  2021-01-21   ``Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)``
`52339a55c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/52339a55c054bddd1d46253575274a3d5d141ebe>`_  2021-01-08   ``[AIRFLOW-7044] Host key can be specified via SSH connection extras. (#12944)``
`295d66f91 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
`32971a1a2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa08 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`9b39f2478 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9b39f24780e85f859236672e9060b2fbeee81b36>`_  2020-12-08   ``Add support for dynamic connection form fields per provider (#12558)``
`c34ef853c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`008035450 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`ae7cb4a1e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d>`_  2020-11-17   ``Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)``
`6889a333c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03>`_  2020-11-15   ``Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)``
`7825e8f59 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`85a18e13d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75>`_  2020-11-09   ``Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)``
`59eb5de78 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca>`_  2020-11-09   ``Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)``
`b2a28d159 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32>`_  2020-11-09   ``Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)``
`41bf172c1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/41bf172c1dc75099f4f9d8b3f3350b4b1f523ef9>`_  2020-11-04   ``Simplify string expressions (#12093)``
`4e8f9cc8d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68>`_  2020-11-03   ``Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)``
`8c42cf1b0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8c42cf1b00c90f0d7f11b8a3a455381de8e003c5>`_  2020-11-03   ``Use PyUpgrade to use Python 3.6 features (#11447)``
`5a439e84e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0>`_  2020-10-26   ``Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)``
`872b1566a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574>`_  2020-10-25   ``Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826)``
`ae791e191 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae791e19163b4ee6e84940d2567adbf0a2626fb4>`_  2020-10-21   ``Fix formatting errors introduced in #11720 (#11733)``
`1fb3c28e1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1fb3c28e1a4fd54c9d83dccd413659a7a87c7315>`_  2020-10-21   ``Add support for setting ciphers for SFTPHook (#11720)``
`349b0811c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a>`_  2020-10-20   ``Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)``
`16e712971 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746>`_  2020-10-13   ``Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487)``
`d305876be <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d305876bee328287ff391a29cc1cd632468cc731>`_  2020-10-12   ``Remove redundant None provided as default to dict.get() (#11448)``
`0a0e1af80 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa>`_  2020-10-03   ``Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)``
`ca4238eb4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13>`_  2020-10-02   ``Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)``
`5220e4c38 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5>`_  2020-10-02   ``Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)``
`0161b5ea2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0161b5ea2b805d62a0317e5cab6f797b92c8abf1>`_  2020-09-26   ``Increasing type coverage for multiple provider (#11159)``
`9549274d1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9549274d110f689a0bd709db829a4d69e274eed9>`_  2020-09-09   ``Upgrade black to 20.8b1 (#10818)``
`fdd9b6f65 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`3696c34c2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3696c34c28c6bc7b442deab999d9ecba24ed0e34>`_  2020-08-24   ``Fix typo in the word "release" (#10528)``
`ee7ca128a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ee7ca128a17937313566f2badb6cc569c614db94>`_  2020-08-22   ``Fix broken Markdown refernces in Providers README (#10483)``
`cdec30125 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cdec3012542b45d23a05f62d69110944ba542e2a>`_  2020-08-07   ``Add correct signature to all operators and sensors (#10205)``
`24c8e4c2d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/24c8e4c2d6e359ecc2c7d6275dccc68de4a82832>`_  2020-08-06   ``Changes to all the constructors to remove the args argument (#10163)``
`4e3799fec <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e3799fec4c23d0f43603a0489c5a6158aeba035>`_  2020-08-02   ``[AIRFLOW-4541] Replace os.mkdirs usage with pathlib.Path(path).mkdir (#10117)``
`aeea71274 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/aeea71274d4527ff2351102e94aa38bda6099e7f>`_  2020-08-02   ``Remove 'args' parameter from provider operator constructors (#10097)``
`d0e7db402 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d0e7db4024806af35e3c9a2cae460fdeedd4d2ec>`_  2020-06-19   ``Fixed release number for fresh release (#9408)``
`12af6a080 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12af6a08009b8776e00d8a0aab92363eb8c4e8b1>`_  2020-06-19   ``Final cleanup for 2020.6.23rc1 release preparation (#9404)``
`c7e5bce57 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c7e5bce57fe7f51cefce4f8a41ce408ac5675d13>`_  2020-06-19   ``Prepare backport release candidate for 2020.6.23rc1 (#9370)``
`f6bd817a3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6bd817a3aac0a16430fc2e3d59c1f17a69a15ac>`_  2020-06-16   ``Introduce 'transfers' packages (#9320)``
`0b0e4f7a4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0b0e4f7a4cceff3efe15161fb40b984782760a34>`_  2020-05-26   ``Preparing for RC3 relase of backports (#9026)``
`00642a46d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00642a46d019870c4decb3d0e47c01d6a25cb88c>`_  2020-05-26   ``Fixed name of 20 remaining wrongly named operators. (#8994)``
`375d1ca22 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/375d1ca229464617780623c61c6e8a1bf570c87f>`_  2020-05-19   ``Release candidate 2 for backport packages 2020.05.20 (#8898)``
`12c5e5d8a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c5e5d8ae25fa633efe63ccf4db389e2b796d79>`_  2020-05-17   ``Prepare release candidate for backport packages (#8891)``
`f3521fb0e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3521fb0e36733d8bd356123e56a453fd37a6dca>`_  2020-05-16   ``Regenerate readme files for backport package release (#8886)``
`92585ca4c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/92585ca4cb375ac879f4ab331b3a063106eb7b92>`_  2020-05-15   ``Added automated release notes generation for backport operators (#8807)``
`bac0ab27c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bac0ab27cfc89e715efddc97214fcd7738084361>`_  2020-03-30   ``close sftp connection without error (#7953)``
`42eef3821 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/42eef38217e709bc7a7f71bf0286e9e61293a43e>`_  2020-03-07   ``[AIRFLOW-6877] Add cross-provider dependencies as extras (#7506)``
`97a429f9d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97a429f9d0cf740c5698060ad55f11e93cb57b55>`_  2020-02-02   ``[AIRFLOW-6714] Remove magic comments about UTF-8 (#7338)``
`ceea293c1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ceea293c1652240e7e856c201e4341a87ef97a0f>`_  2020-01-28   ``[AIRFLOW-6656] Fix AIP-21 moving (#7272)``
`9a04013b0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9a04013b0e40b0d744ff4ac9f008491806d60df2>`_  2020-01-27   ``[AIRFLOW-6646][AIP-21] Move protocols classes to providers package (#7268)``
`69629a5a9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/69629a5a948ab2c4ac04a4a4dca6ac86d19c11bd>`_  2019-12-09   ``[AIRFLOW-5807] Move SFTP from contrib to providers. (#6464)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================

Commit message:

Prepare to release the next wave of providers: (#14487)
* Prepare to release the next wave of providers:

Regular providers:

* amazon          - 1.2.0
* apache.beam     - 1.0.1
* apache.druid    - 1.1.0
* apache.hive     - 1.0.2
* apache.spark    - 1.0.2
* cncf.kubernetes - 1.0.2
* dingding        - 1.0.2
* docker          - 1.0.2
* elasticsearch   - 1.0.2
* exasol          - 1.1.0
* google          - 2.1.0
* http            - 1.1.1
* jenkins         - 1.1.0
* microsoft.azure - 1.2.0
* mysql           - 1.0.2
* neo4j           - 1.0.1
* openfaas        - 1.1.1
* papermill       - 1.0.2
* presto          - 1.0.2
* qubole          - 1.0.2
* salesforce      - 2.0.0
* sendgrid        - 1.0.2
* sftp            - 1.1.1
* slack           - 3.0.0
* snowflake       - 1.1.1
* sqlite          - 1.0.2
* ssh             - 1.2.0
* tableau         - 1.0.0
* telegram        - 1.0.2

Backport providers (all in version 2021.3.3):

amazon apache.beam apache.druid apache.hive apache.spark cncf.kubernetes
dingding docker elasticsearch exasol google http jenkins microsoft.azure
mysql neo4j openfaas papermill presto qubole salesforce sendgrid sftp
slack snowflake sqlite ssh tableau telegram

* fixup! Prepare to release the next wave of providers:

docs/apache-airflow-providers-sftp/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-sftp
------------------------------------------------------

`SSH File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) <https://tools.ietf.org/wg/secsh/draft-ietf-secsh-filexfer/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``sftp``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.1.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-05

================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
`10343ec29 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/10343ec29f8f0abc5b932ba26faf49bc63c6bcda>`_  2021-02-05   ``Corrections in docs and tools after releasing provider RCs (#14082)``
================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================

1.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================================
`d45739f7c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d45739f7ce0de183329d67fff88a9da3943a9280>`_  2021-02-04   ``Fixes to release process after releasing 2nd wave of providers (#14059)``
`88bdcfa0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`9af452aee <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9af452aee53dd300535dadd108ce3e60c5f11a2e>`_  2021-02-03   ``Add retryer to SFTP hook connection (#13065)``
`ac2f72c98 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`a9ac2b040 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a9ac2b040b64de1aa5d9c2b9def33334e36a8d22>`_  2021-01-23   ``Switch to f-strings using flynt. (#13732)``
`3fd5ef355 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e>`_  2021-01-21   ``Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)``
`52339a55c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/52339a55c054bddd1d46253575274a3d5d141ebe>`_  2021-01-08   ``[AIRFLOW-7044] Host key can be specified via SSH connection extras. (#12944)``
`295d66f91 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
`32971a1a2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa08 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`9b39f2478 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9b39f24780e85f859236672e9060b2fbeee81b36>`_  2020-12-08   ``Add support for dynamic connection form fields per provider (#12558)``
`c34ef853c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`008035450 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`ae7cb4a1e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d>`_  2020-11-17   ``Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)``
`6889a333c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03>`_  2020-11-15   ``Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)``
`7825e8f59 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`85a18e13d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75>`_  2020-11-09   ``Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)``
`59eb5de78 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca>`_  2020-11-09   ``Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)``
`b2a28d159 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32>`_  2020-11-09   ``Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)``
`41bf172c1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/41bf172c1dc75099f4f9d8b3f3350b4b1f523ef9>`_  2020-11-04   ``Simplify string expressions (#12093)``
`4e8f9cc8d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68>`_  2020-11-03   ``Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)``
`8c42cf1b0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8c42cf1b00c90f0d7f11b8a3a455381de8e003c5>`_  2020-11-03   ``Use PyUpgrade to use Python 3.6 features (#11447)``
`5a439e84e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0>`_  2020-10-26   ``Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)``
`872b1566a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574>`_  2020-10-25   ``Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826)``
`ae791e191 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae791e19163b4ee6e84940d2567adbf0a2626fb4>`_  2020-10-21   ``Fix formatting errors introduced in #11720 (#11733)``
`1fb3c28e1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1fb3c28e1a4fd54c9d83dccd413659a7a87c7315>`_  2020-10-21   ``Add support for setting ciphers for SFTPHook (#11720)``
`349b0811c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a>`_  2020-10-20   ``Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)``
`16e712971 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746>`_  2020-10-13   ``Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487)``
`d305876be <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d305876bee328287ff391a29cc1cd632468cc731>`_  2020-10-12   ``Remove redundant None provided as default to dict.get() (#11448)``
`0a0e1af80 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa>`_  2020-10-03   ``Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)``
`ca4238eb4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13>`_  2020-10-02   ``Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)``
`5220e4c38 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5>`_  2020-10-02   ``Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)``
`0161b5ea2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0161b5ea2b805d62a0317e5cab6f797b92c8abf1>`_  2020-09-26   ``Increasing type coverage for multiple provider (#11159)``
`9549274d1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9549274d110f689a0bd709db829a4d69e274eed9>`_  2020-09-09   ``Upgrade black to 20.8b1 (#10818)``
`fdd9b6f65 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`3696c34c2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3696c34c28c6bc7b442deab999d9ecba24ed0e34>`_  2020-08-24   ``Fix typo in the word "release" (#10528)``
`ee7ca128a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ee7ca128a17937313566f2badb6cc569c614db94>`_  2020-08-22   ``Fix broken Markdown refernces in Providers README (#10483)``
`cdec30125 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cdec3012542b45d23a05f62d69110944ba542e2a>`_  2020-08-07   ``Add correct signature to all operators and sensors (#10205)``
`24c8e4c2d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/24c8e4c2d6e359ecc2c7d6275dccc68de4a82832>`_  2020-08-06   ``Changes to all the constructors to remove the args argument (#10163)``
`4e3799fec <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e3799fec4c23d0f43603a0489c5a6158aeba035>`_  2020-08-02   ``[AIRFLOW-4541] Replace os.mkdirs usage with pathlib.Path(path).mkdir (#10117)``
`aeea71274 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/aeea71274d4527ff2351102e94aa38bda6099e7f>`_  2020-08-02   ``Remove 'args' parameter from provider operator constructors (#10097)``
`d0e7db402 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d0e7db4024806af35e3c9a2cae460fdeedd4d2ec>`_  2020-06-19   ``Fixed release number for fresh release (#9408)``
`12af6a080 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12af6a08009b8776e00d8a0aab92363eb8c4e8b1>`_  2020-06-19   ``Final cleanup for 2020.6.23rc1 release preparation (#9404)``
`c7e5bce57 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c7e5bce57fe7f51cefce4f8a41ce408ac5675d13>`_  2020-06-19   ``Prepare backport release candidate for 2020.6.23rc1 (#9370)``
`f6bd817a3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6bd817a3aac0a16430fc2e3d59c1f17a69a15ac>`_  2020-06-16   ``Introduce 'transfers' packages (#9320)``
`0b0e4f7a4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0b0e4f7a4cceff3efe15161fb40b984782760a34>`_  2020-05-26   ``Preparing for RC3 relase of backports (#9026)``
`00642a46d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00642a46d019870c4decb3d0e47c01d6a25cb88c>`_  2020-05-26   ``Fixed name of 20 remaining wrongly named operators. (#8994)``
`375d1ca22 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/375d1ca229464617780623c61c6e8a1bf570c87f>`_  2020-05-19   ``Release candidate 2 for backport packages 2020.05.20 (#8898)``
`12c5e5d8a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c5e5d8ae25fa633efe63ccf4db389e2b796d79>`_  2020-05-17   ``Prepare release candidate for backport packages (#8891)``
`f3521fb0e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3521fb0e36733d8bd356123e56a453fd37a6dca>`_  2020-05-16   ``Regenerate readme files for backport package release (#8886)``
`92585ca4c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/92585ca4cb375ac879f4ab331b3a063106eb7b92>`_  2020-05-15   ``Added automated release notes generation for backport operators (#8807)``
`bac0ab27c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bac0ab27cfc89e715efddc97214fcd7738084361>`_  2020-03-30   ``close sftp connection without error (#7953)``
`42eef3821 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/42eef38217e709bc7a7f71bf0286e9e61293a43e>`_  2020-03-07   ``[AIRFLOW-6877] Add cross-provider dependencies as extras (#7506)``
`97a429f9d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97a429f9d0cf740c5698060ad55f11e93cb57b55>`_  2020-02-02   ``[AIRFLOW-6714] Remove magic comments about UTF-8 (#7338)``
`ceea293c1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ceea293c1652240e7e856c201e4341a87ef97a0f>`_  2020-01-28   ``[AIRFLOW-6656] Fix AIP-21 moving (#7272)``
`9a04013b0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9a04013b0e40b0d744ff4ac9f008491806d60df2>`_  2020-01-27   ``[AIRFLOW-6646][AIP-21] Move protocols classes to providers package (#7268)``
`69629a5a9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/69629a5a948ab2c4ac04a4a4dca6ac86d19c11bd>`_  2019-12-09   ``[AIRFLOW-5807] Move SFTP from contrib to providers. (#6464)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
