airflow/providers/snowflake/ADDITIONAL_INFO.md, before:

<!--
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
 -->

## Release 2021.3.3

### Bug fixes

* `Corrections in docs and tools after releasing provider RCs (#14082)`

## Release 2021.2.5

### Features

  * `Fix S3ToSnowflakeOperator to support uploading all files in the specified stage (#12505)`
  * `Add connection arguments in S3ToSnowflakeOperator (#12564)`

Commit message:

Prepare ad-hoc release of the four previously excluded providers (#14655)
Documentation update for the four previously excluded providers that
got extra fixes/bumping to the latest version of the libraries.

* apache.beam
* apache.druid
* microsoft.azure
* snowflake

airflow/providers/snowflake/ADDITIONAL_INFO.md, after:

<!--
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
 -->

## Release 2021.3.13

### Features

* ``Bumped snowflake-connector-python library to >=2.4.1 version and get rid of pytz library pinning``

### Bug fixes

* `Corrections in docs and tools after releasing provider RCs (#14082)`

## Release 2021.2.5

### Features

  * `Fix S3ToSnowflakeOperator to support uploading all files in the specified stage (#12505)`
  * `Add connection arguments in S3ToSnowflakeOperator (#12564)`
