docs/apache-airflow-providers-salesforce/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-salesforce
------------------------------------------------------

`Salesforce <https://www.salesforce.com/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``salesforce``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-25

================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================
`45e72ca83 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/45e72ca83049a7db526b1f0fbd94c75f5f92cc75>`_  2021-02-25   ``Add Tableau provider separate from Salesforce Provider (#14030)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
`88bdcfa0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`ac2f72c98 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`a9ac2b040 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a9ac2b040b64de1aa5d9c2b9def33334e36a8d22>`_  2021-01-23   ``Switch to f-strings using flynt. (#13732)``
`3fd5ef355 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e>`_  2021-01-21   ``Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)``
`295d66f91 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
`32971a1a2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa08 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`9b39f2478 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9b39f24780e85f859236672e9060b2fbeee81b36>`_  2020-12-08   ``Add support for dynamic connection form fields per provider (#12558)``
`2037303ee <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/2037303eef93fd36ab13746b045d1c1fee6aa143>`_  2020-11-29   ``Adds support for Connection/Hook discovery from providers (#12466)``
`c34ef853c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`008035450 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`ae7cb4a1e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d>`_  2020-11-17   ``Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)``
`6889a333c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03>`_  2020-11-15   ``Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)``
`7825e8f59 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`85a18e13d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75>`_  2020-11-09   ``Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)``
`59eb5de78 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca>`_  2020-11-09   ``Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)``
`b2a28d159 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32>`_  2020-11-09   ``Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)``
`4e8f9cc8d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68>`_  2020-11-03   ``Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)``
`8c42cf1b0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8c42cf1b00c90f0d7f11b8a3a455381de8e003c5>`_  2020-11-03   ``Use PyUpgrade to use Python 3.6 features (#11447)``
`5a439e84e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0>`_  2020-10-26   ``Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)``
`872b1566a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574>`_  2020-10-25   ``Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826)``
`349b0811c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a>`_  2020-10-20   ``Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)``
`16e712971 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746>`_  2020-10-13   ``Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487)``
`d305876be <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d305876bee328287ff391a29cc1cd632468cc731>`_  2020-10-12   ``Remove redundant None provided as default to dict.get() (#11448)``
`0a0e1af80 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa>`_  2020-10-03   ``Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)``
`ca4238eb4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13>`_  2020-10-02   ``Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)``
`5220e4c38 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5>`_  2020-10-02   ``Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)``
`45669bea4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/45669bea4f690021b69a7d2afa8be9567ae0c49d>`_  2020-09-24   ``Increasing type coverage for salesforce provide (#11135)``
`f3e87c503 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3e87c503081a3085dff6c7352640d7f08beb5bc>`_  2020-09-22   ``Add D202 pydocstyle check (#11032)``
`fdd9b6f65 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`3696c34c2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3696c34c28c6bc7b442deab999d9ecba24ed0e34>`_  2020-08-24   ``Fix typo in the word "release" (#10528)``
`ee7ca128a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ee7ca128a17937313566f2badb6cc569c614db94>`_  2020-08-22   ``Fix broken Markdown refernces in Providers README (#10483)``
`cdec30125 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cdec3012542b45d23a05f62d69110944ba542e2a>`_  2020-08-07   ``Add correct signature to all operators and sensors (#10205)``
`24c8e4c2d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/24c8e4c2d6e359ecc2c7d6275dccc68de4a82832>`_  2020-08-06   ``Changes to all the constructors to remove the args argument (#10163)``
`aeea71274 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/aeea71274d4527ff2351102e94aa38bda6099e7f>`_  2020-08-02   ``Remove 'args' parameter from provider operator constructors (#10097)``
`7d24b088c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7d24b088cd736cfa18f9214e4c9d6ce2d5865f3d>`_  2020-07-25   ``Stop using start_date in default_args in example_dags (2) (#9985)``
`d0e7db402 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d0e7db4024806af35e3c9a2cae460fdeedd4d2ec>`_  2020-06-19   ``Fixed release number for fresh release (#9408)``
`12af6a080 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12af6a08009b8776e00d8a0aab92363eb8c4e8b1>`_  2020-06-19   ``Final cleanup for 2020.6.23rc1 release preparation (#9404)``
`c7e5bce57 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c7e5bce57fe7f51cefce4f8a41ce408ac5675d13>`_  2020-06-19   ``Prepare backport release candidate for 2020.6.23rc1 (#9370)``
`f6bd817a3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6bd817a3aac0a16430fc2e3d59c1f17a69a15ac>`_  2020-06-16   ``Introduce 'transfers' packages (#9320)``
`0b0e4f7a4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0b0e4f7a4cceff3efe15161fb40b984782760a34>`_  2020-05-26   ``Preparing for RC3 relase of backports (#9026)``
`00642a46d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00642a46d019870c4decb3d0e47c01d6a25cb88c>`_  2020-05-26   ``Fixed name of 20 remaining wrongly named operators. (#8994)``
`1d36b0303 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1d36b0303b8632fce6de78ca4e782ae26ee06fea>`_  2020-05-23   ``Fix references in docs (#8984)``
`375d1ca22 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/375d1ca229464617780623c61c6e8a1bf570c87f>`_  2020-05-19   ``Release candidate 2 for backport packages 2020.05.20 (#8898)``
`12c5e5d8a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c5e5d8ae25fa633efe63ccf4db389e2b796d79>`_  2020-05-17   ``Prepare release candidate for backport packages (#8891)``
`ff342fc23 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ff342fc230982dc5d88acfd5e5eab75187256b58>`_  2020-05-17   ``Added SalesforceHook missing method to return only dataframe (#8565) (#8644)``
`f3521fb0e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3521fb0e36733d8bd356123e56a453fd37a6dca>`_  2020-05-16   ``Regenerate readme files for backport package release (#8886)``
`92585ca4c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/92585ca4cb375ac879f4ab331b3a063106eb7b92>`_  2020-05-15   ``Added automated release notes generation for backport operators (#8807)``
`87969a350 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/87969a350ddd41e9e77776af6d780b31e363eaca>`_  2020-04-09   ``[AIRFLOW-6515] Change Log Levels from Info/Warn to Error (#8170)``
`954619283 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/95461928365f255c79ab4a164ce60d8eebea29d7>`_  2020-03-26   ``bumping simple-salesforce to 1.0.0 (#7857)``
`31efc931e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/31efc931e32841b7da8decd576cafa1e5a6f6d95>`_  2020-03-23   ``Add missing call to Super class in 'salesforce' provider (#7824)``
`6140356b8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6140356b80f68906e89ccf46941a949bdc4d43fa>`_  2020-03-12   ``[AIRFLOW-6481] Fix bug in SalesforceHook (#7703)``
`3320e432a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3320e432a129476dbc1c55be3b3faa3326a635bc>`_  2020-02-24   ``[AIRFLOW-6817] Lazy-load 'airflow.DAG' to keep user-facing API untouched (#7517)``
`61a8bb658 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/61a8bb65818521ccbb846e647103535b3e36b26d>`_  2020-02-22   ``[AIRFLOW-6879] Fix Failing CI: Update New import paths (#7500)``
`a9ad0a929 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a9ad0a929851b6912e0bb8551f1ff80b50281944>`_  2020-02-22   ``[AIRFLOW-6790] Add basic Tableau Integration (#7410)``
`97a429f9d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97a429f9d0cf740c5698060ad55f11e93cb57b55>`_  2020-02-02   ``[AIRFLOW-6714] Remove magic comments about UTF-8 (#7338)``
`cf141506a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cf141506a25dbba279b85500d781f7e056540721>`_  2020-02-02   ``[AIRFLOW-6708] Set unique logger names (#7330)``
`c42a375e7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c42a375e799e5adb3f9536616372dc90ff47e6c8>`_  2020-01-27   ``[AIRFLOW-6644][AIP-21] Move service classes to providers package (#7265)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================

Commit message:

Remove Backport Providers (#14886)
We are removing support for Backport Providers now.

The last release was sent yesterday- as planned, on 17 March 2021 - the
last release of the Backport Providers.

As agreed before, and documented here:
https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/dev/PROJECT_GUIDELINES.md#support-for-backport-providers

> Backport providers within 1.10.x, will be supported for critical fixes
for three months (March 17, 2021) from Airflow 2.0.0 release date (Dec
17, 2020).

For the future reference, if anyone would like to build backport
providers with cherry-picking any fixes, the branch to start from is
`legacy-backport-cutoff-point`. The documentation and tools to build the
backports are there, but there will be no more community releases for
backports.

Good Bye Backport Providers.

docs/apache-airflow-providers-salesforce/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-salesforce
------------------------------------------------------

`Salesforce <https://www.salesforce.com/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``salesforce``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-27

================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================
`589d6dec9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/589d6dec922565897785bcbc5ac6bb3b973d7f5d>`_  2021-02-27   ``Prepare to release the next wave of providers: (#14487)``
`45e72ca83 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/45e72ca83049a7db526b1f0fbd94c75f5f92cc75>`_  2021-02-25   ``Add Tableau provider separate from Salesforce Provider (#14030)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
`88bdcfa0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`ac2f72c98 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`a9ac2b040 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a9ac2b040b64de1aa5d9c2b9def33334e36a8d22>`_  2021-01-23   ``Switch to f-strings using flynt. (#13732)``
`3fd5ef355 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e>`_  2021-01-21   ``Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)``
`295d66f91 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
`32971a1a2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa08 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`9b39f2478 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9b39f24780e85f859236672e9060b2fbeee81b36>`_  2020-12-08   ``Add support for dynamic connection form fields per provider (#12558)``
`2037303ee <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/2037303eef93fd36ab13746b045d1c1fee6aa143>`_  2020-11-29   ``Adds support for Connection/Hook discovery from providers (#12466)``
`c34ef853c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`008035450 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`ae7cb4a1e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d>`_  2020-11-17   ``Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)``
`6889a333c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03>`_  2020-11-15   ``Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)``
`7825e8f59 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`85a18e13d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75>`_  2020-11-09   ``Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)``
`59eb5de78 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca>`_  2020-11-09   ``Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)``
`b2a28d159 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32>`_  2020-11-09   ``Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)``
`4e8f9cc8d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68>`_  2020-11-03   ``Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)``
`8c42cf1b0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8c42cf1b00c90f0d7f11b8a3a455381de8e003c5>`_  2020-11-03   ``Use PyUpgrade to use Python 3.6 features (#11447)``
`5a439e84e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0>`_  2020-10-26   ``Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)``
`872b1566a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574>`_  2020-10-25   ``Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826)``
`349b0811c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a>`_  2020-10-20   ``Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)``
`16e712971 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746>`_  2020-10-13   ``Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487)``
`d305876be <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d305876bee328287ff391a29cc1cd632468cc731>`_  2020-10-12   ``Remove redundant None provided as default to dict.get() (#11448)``
`0a0e1af80 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa>`_  2020-10-03   ``Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)``
`ca4238eb4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13>`_  2020-10-02   ``Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)``
`5220e4c38 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5>`_  2020-10-02   ``Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)``
`45669bea4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/45669bea4f690021b69a7d2afa8be9567ae0c49d>`_  2020-09-24   ``Increasing type coverage for salesforce provide (#11135)``
`f3e87c503 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3e87c503081a3085dff6c7352640d7f08beb5bc>`_  2020-09-22   ``Add D202 pydocstyle check (#11032)``
`fdd9b6f65 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`3696c34c2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3696c34c28c6bc7b442deab999d9ecba24ed0e34>`_  2020-08-24   ``Fix typo in the word "release" (#10528)``
`ee7ca128a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ee7ca128a17937313566f2badb6cc569c614db94>`_  2020-08-22   ``Fix broken Markdown refernces in Providers README (#10483)``
`cdec30125 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cdec3012542b45d23a05f62d69110944ba542e2a>`_  2020-08-07   ``Add correct signature to all operators and sensors (#10205)``
`24c8e4c2d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/24c8e4c2d6e359ecc2c7d6275dccc68de4a82832>`_  2020-08-06   ``Changes to all the constructors to remove the args argument (#10163)``
`aeea71274 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/aeea71274d4527ff2351102e94aa38bda6099e7f>`_  2020-08-02   ``Remove 'args' parameter from provider operator constructors (#10097)``
`7d24b088c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7d24b088cd736cfa18f9214e4c9d6ce2d5865f3d>`_  2020-07-25   ``Stop using start_date in default_args in example_dags (2) (#9985)``
`d0e7db402 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d0e7db4024806af35e3c9a2cae460fdeedd4d2ec>`_  2020-06-19   ``Fixed release number for fresh release (#9408)``
`12af6a080 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12af6a08009b8776e00d8a0aab92363eb8c4e8b1>`_  2020-06-19   ``Final cleanup for 2020.6.23rc1 release preparation (#9404)``
`c7e5bce57 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c7e5bce57fe7f51cefce4f8a41ce408ac5675d13>`_  2020-06-19   ``Prepare backport release candidate for 2020.6.23rc1 (#9370)``
`f6bd817a3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6bd817a3aac0a16430fc2e3d59c1f17a69a15ac>`_  2020-06-16   ``Introduce 'transfers' packages (#9320)``
`0b0e4f7a4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0b0e4f7a4cceff3efe15161fb40b984782760a34>`_  2020-05-26   ``Preparing for RC3 relase of backports (#9026)``
`00642a46d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00642a46d019870c4decb3d0e47c01d6a25cb88c>`_  2020-05-26   ``Fixed name of 20 remaining wrongly named operators. (#8994)``
`1d36b0303 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1d36b0303b8632fce6de78ca4e782ae26ee06fea>`_  2020-05-23   ``Fix references in docs (#8984)``
`375d1ca22 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/375d1ca229464617780623c61c6e8a1bf570c87f>`_  2020-05-19   ``Release candidate 2 for backport packages 2020.05.20 (#8898)``
`12c5e5d8a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c5e5d8ae25fa633efe63ccf4db389e2b796d79>`_  2020-05-17   ``Prepare release candidate for backport packages (#8891)``
`ff342fc23 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ff342fc230982dc5d88acfd5e5eab75187256b58>`_  2020-05-17   ``Added SalesforceHook missing method to return only dataframe (#8565) (#8644)``
`f3521fb0e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3521fb0e36733d8bd356123e56a453fd37a6dca>`_  2020-05-16   ``Regenerate readme files for backport package release (#8886)``
`92585ca4c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/92585ca4cb375ac879f4ab331b3a063106eb7b92>`_  2020-05-15   ``Added automated release notes generation for backport operators (#8807)``
`87969a350 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/87969a350ddd41e9e77776af6d780b31e363eaca>`_  2020-04-09   ``[AIRFLOW-6515] Change Log Levels from Info/Warn to Error (#8170)``
`954619283 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/95461928365f255c79ab4a164ce60d8eebea29d7>`_  2020-03-26   ``bumping simple-salesforce to 1.0.0 (#7857)``
`31efc931e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/31efc931e32841b7da8decd576cafa1e5a6f6d95>`_  2020-03-23   ``Add missing call to Super class in 'salesforce' provider (#7824)``
`6140356b8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6140356b80f68906e89ccf46941a949bdc4d43fa>`_  2020-03-12   ``[AIRFLOW-6481] Fix bug in SalesforceHook (#7703)``
`3320e432a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3320e432a129476dbc1c55be3b3faa3326a635bc>`_  2020-02-24   ``[AIRFLOW-6817] Lazy-load 'airflow.DAG' to keep user-facing API untouched (#7517)``
`61a8bb658 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/61a8bb65818521ccbb846e647103535b3e36b26d>`_  2020-02-22   ``[AIRFLOW-6879] Fix Failing CI: Update New import paths (#7500)``
`a9ad0a929 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a9ad0a929851b6912e0bb8551f1ff80b50281944>`_  2020-02-22   ``[AIRFLOW-6790] Add basic Tableau Integration (#7410)``
`97a429f9d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97a429f9d0cf740c5698060ad55f11e93cb57b55>`_  2020-02-02   ``[AIRFLOW-6714] Remove magic comments about UTF-8 (#7338)``
`cf141506a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cf141506a25dbba279b85500d781f7e056540721>`_  2020-02-02   ``[AIRFLOW-6708] Set unique logger names (#7330)``
`c42a375e7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c42a375e799e5adb3f9536616372dc90ff47e6c8>`_  2020-01-27   ``[AIRFLOW-6644][AIP-21] Move service classes to providers package (#7265)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================================
