docs/apache-airflow-providers-telegram/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-telegram
------------------------------------------------------

`Telegram <https://telegram.org/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``telegram``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-01

================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================
`ac2f72c98 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`3fd5ef355 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e>`_  2021-01-21   ``Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)``
`295d66f91 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================
`32971a1a2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa08 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`cd66450b4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cd66450b4ee2a219ddc847970255e420ed679700>`_  2020-12-05   ``Add Telegram hook and operator (#11850)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================

Commit message:

Prepare to release the next wave of providers: (#14487)
* Prepare to release the next wave of providers:

Regular providers:

* amazon          - 1.2.0
* apache.beam     - 1.0.1
* apache.druid    - 1.1.0
* apache.hive     - 1.0.2
* apache.spark    - 1.0.2
* cncf.kubernetes - 1.0.2
* dingding        - 1.0.2
* docker          - 1.0.2
* elasticsearch   - 1.0.2
* exasol          - 1.1.0
* google          - 2.1.0
* http            - 1.1.1
* jenkins         - 1.1.0
* microsoft.azure - 1.2.0
* mysql           - 1.0.2
* neo4j           - 1.0.1
* openfaas        - 1.1.1
* papermill       - 1.0.2
* presto          - 1.0.2
* qubole          - 1.0.2
* salesforce      - 2.0.0
* sendgrid        - 1.0.2
* sftp            - 1.1.1
* slack           - 3.0.0
* snowflake       - 1.1.1
* sqlite          - 1.0.2
* ssh             - 1.2.0
* tableau         - 1.0.0
* telegram        - 1.0.2

Backport providers (all in version 2021.3.3):

amazon apache.beam apache.druid apache.hive apache.spark cncf.kubernetes
dingding docker elasticsearch exasol google http jenkins microsoft.azure
mysql neo4j openfaas papermill presto qubole salesforce sendgrid sftp
slack snowflake sqlite ssh tableau telegram

* fixup! Prepare to release the next wave of providers:

docs/apache-airflow-providers-telegram/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-telegram
------------------------------------------------------

`Telegram <https://telegram.org/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``telegram``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.0.2
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-10

================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
`106d2c85e <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/106d2c85ec4a240605830bf41962c0197b003135>`_  2021-02-10   ``Fix the AttributeError with text field in TelegramOperator (#13990)``
================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
`88bdcfa0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`ac2f72c98 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`3fd5ef355 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e>`_  2021-01-21   ``Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)``
`295d66f91 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================
Commit                                                                                            Committed    Subject
================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================
`32971a1a2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa08 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`cd66450b4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cd66450b4ee2a219ddc847970255e420ed679700>`_  2020-12-05   ``Add Telegram hook and operator (#11850)``
================================================================================================  ===========  ===================================================
