docs/apache-airflow-providers-telegram/index.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

``apache-airflow-providers-telegram``
=====================================

Content
-------

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: Guides

    Operators <operators>

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: References

    Python API <_api/airflow/providers/telegram/index>

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: Resources

    Example DAGs <https://github.com/apache/airflow/tree/master/airflow/providers/telegram/example_dags>
    PyPI Repository <https://pypi.org/project/apache-airflow-providers-telegram/>

.. THE REMINDER OF THE FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. IT WILL BE OVERWRITTEN AT RELEASE TIME!


.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: Commits

    Detailed list of commits <commits>


Package apache-airflow-providers-telegram
------------------------------------------------------

`Telegram <https://telegram.org/>`__


Release: 1.0.1

Provider package
----------------

This is a provider package for ``telegram`` provider. All classes for this provider package
are in ``airflow.providers.telegram`` python package.

Installation
------------

.. note::

    On November 2020, new version of PIP (20.3) has been released with a new, 2020 resolver. This resolver
    does not yet work with Apache Airflow and might lead to errors in installation - depends on your choice
    of extras. In order to install Airflow you need to either downgrade pip to version 20.2.4
    ``pip install --upgrade pip==20.2.4`` or, in case you use Pip 20.3, you need to add option
    ``--use-deprecated legacy-resolver`` to your pip install command.


You can install this package on top of an existing airflow 2.* installation via
``pip install apache-airflow-providers-telegram``

PIP requirements
----------------

=======================  ==================
PIP package              Version required
=======================  ==================
``python-telegram-bot``  ``==13.0``
=======================  ==================

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Changelog
---------

1.0.1
.....

Updated documentation and readme files.

1.0.0
.....

Initial version of the provider.

Commit message:

Prepare to release the next wave of providers: (#14487)
* Prepare to release the next wave of providers:

Regular providers:

* amazon          - 1.2.0
* apache.beam     - 1.0.1
* apache.druid    - 1.1.0
* apache.hive     - 1.0.2
* apache.spark    - 1.0.2
* cncf.kubernetes - 1.0.2
* dingding        - 1.0.2
* docker          - 1.0.2
* elasticsearch   - 1.0.2
* exasol          - 1.1.0
* google          - 2.1.0
* http            - 1.1.1
* jenkins         - 1.1.0
* microsoft.azure - 1.2.0
* mysql           - 1.0.2
* neo4j           - 1.0.1
* openfaas        - 1.1.1
* papermill       - 1.0.2
* presto          - 1.0.2
* qubole          - 1.0.2
* salesforce      - 2.0.0
* sendgrid        - 1.0.2
* sftp            - 1.1.1
* slack           - 3.0.0
* snowflake       - 1.1.1
* sqlite          - 1.0.2
* ssh             - 1.2.0
* tableau         - 1.0.0
* telegram        - 1.0.2

Backport providers (all in version 2021.3.3):

amazon apache.beam apache.druid apache.hive apache.spark cncf.kubernetes
dingding docker elasticsearch exasol google http jenkins microsoft.azure
mysql neo4j openfaas papermill presto qubole salesforce sendgrid sftp
slack snowflake sqlite ssh tableau telegram

* fixup! Prepare to release the next wave of providers:

docs/apache-airflow-providers-telegram/index.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

``apache-airflow-providers-telegram``
=====================================

Content
-------

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: Guides

    Operators <operators>

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: References

    Python API <_api/airflow/providers/telegram/index>

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: Resources

    Example DAGs <https://github.com/apache/airflow/tree/master/airflow/providers/telegram/example_dags>
    PyPI Repository <https://pypi.org/project/apache-airflow-providers-telegram/>

.. THE REMINDER OF THE FILE IS AUTOMATICALLY GENERATED. IT WILL BE OVERWRITTEN AT RELEASE TIME!


.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: Commits

    Detailed list of commits <commits>


Package apache-airflow-providers-telegram
------------------------------------------------------

`Telegram <https://telegram.org/>`__


Release: 1.0.2

Provider package
----------------

This is a provider package for ``telegram`` provider. All classes for this provider package
are in ``airflow.providers.telegram`` python package.

Installation
------------

.. note::

    On November 2020, new version of PIP (20.3) has been released with a new, 2020 resolver. This resolver
    does not yet work with Apache Airflow and might lead to errors in installation - depends on your choice
    of extras. In order to install Airflow you need to either downgrade pip to version 20.2.4
    ``pip install --upgrade pip==20.2.4`` or, in case you use Pip 20.3, you need to add option
    ``--use-deprecated legacy-resolver`` to your pip install command.


You can install this package on top of an existing airflow 2.* installation via
``pip install apache-airflow-providers-telegram``

PIP requirements
----------------

=======================  ==================
PIP package              Version required
=======================  ==================
``python-telegram-bot``  ``==13.0``
=======================  ==================

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Changelog
---------

1.0.2
.....

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~

* ``Fix the AttributeError with text field in TelegramOperator (#13990)``

1.0.1
.....

Updated documentation and readme files.

1.0.0
.....

Initial version of the provider.
