docs/README.rst, before:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Documentation
#############

This directory contains documentation for the Apache Airflow project and other packages that are closely related to it ie. providers packages.  Documentation is built using `Sphinx <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/>`__.

For Helm Chart, see: `/chart/README.md <../chart/READMe.md>`__

Development documentation preview
==================================

Documentation from the ``master`` branch is built and automatically published: `s.apache.org/airflow-docs <https://s.apache.org/airflow-docs>`_

Documentation for your PRs is available as downloadable artifact in GitHub Actions after the CI builds your PR.

Building documentation
======================

To generate a local version you can use `<../BREEZE.rst>`_.

The documentation build consists of verifying consistency of documentation and two steps:

* spell checking
* building documentation

You can only run one of the steps via ``--spellcheck-only`` or ``--docs-only``.

.. code-block:: bash

    ./breeze build-docs

or just to run spell-check

.. code-block:: bash

     ./breeze build-docs -- --spellcheck-only

or just to run documentation building

.. code-block:: bash

     ./breeze build-docs -- --docs-only

Troubleshooting
---------------

If you are creating ``example_dags`` directory, you need to create ``example_dags/__init__.py`` with Apache
license or copy another ``__init__.py`` file that contains the necessary license.

Cross-referencing syntax
========================

Cross-references are generated by many semantic interpreted text roles.
Basically, you only need to write:

.. code-block:: rst

    :role:`target`

And a link will be
created to the item named *target* of the type indicated by *role*. The link's
text will be the same as *target*.

You may supply an explicit title and reference target, like in reST direct
hyperlinks:

.. code-block:: rst

    :role:`title <target>`

This will refer to *target*, but the link text will be *title*.

Here are practical examples:

.. code-block:: rst

    :class:`airflow.models.dag.DAG` - link to Python API reference documentation
    :doc:`/docs/operators` - link to other document
    :ref:`handle` - link to section in current or another document

    .. _handle:

    Section title
    ----------------------------------

Role ``:class:`` works well with references between packages. If you want to use other roles, it is a good idea to specify a package:

.. code-block:: rst

    :doc:`apache-airflow:installation`
    :ref:`apache-airflow-providers-google:write-logs-stackdriver`

If you still feel confused then you can view more possible roles for our documentation:

.. code-block:: bash

    ./list-roles.sh

For more information, see: `Cross-referencing syntax <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html>`_ in Sphinx documentation

Support
=======

If you need help, write to `#documentation <https://apache-airflow.slack.com/archives/CJ1LVREHX>`__ channel on `Airflow's Slack <https://s.apache.org/airflow-slack>`__

Commit message:

Small docs readme update (#14062)
* Add instruction for running docs locally

* Fix RST syntax

* Update docs/README.rst

Co-authored-by: Kaxil Naik <kaxilnaik@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Kaxil Naik <kaxilnaik@gmail.com>

docs/README.rst, after:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Documentation
#############

This directory contains documentation for the Apache Airflow project and other packages that are closely related to it ie. providers packages.  Documentation is built using `Sphinx <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/>`__.

For Helm Chart, see: `/chart/README.md <../chart/READMe.md>`__

Development documentation preview
==================================

Documentation from the ``master`` branch is built and automatically published: `s.apache.org/airflow-docs <https://s.apache.org/airflow-docs>`_

Documentation for your PRs is available as downloadable artifact in GitHub Actions after the CI builds your PR.

Building documentation
======================

To generate a local version you can use `<../BREEZE.rst>`_.

The documentation build consists of verifying consistency of documentation and two steps:

* spell checking
* building documentation

You can only run one of the steps via ``--spellcheck-only`` or ``--docs-only``.

.. code-block:: bash

    ./breeze build-docs

or just to run spell-check

.. code-block:: bash

     ./breeze build-docs -- --spellcheck-only

or just to run documentation building

.. code-block:: bash

     ./breeze build-docs -- --docs-only
     
Running the Docs Locally
------------------------

Once you have built the documentation run the following command from the root directory:

.. code-block:: bash

    docs/start_doc_server.sh

Then, view your docs at ``localhost:8000``

Troubleshooting
---------------

If you are creating ``example_dags`` directory, you need to create ``example_dags/__init__.py`` with Apache
license or copy another ``__init__.py`` file that contains the necessary license.

Cross-referencing syntax
========================

Cross-references are generated by many semantic interpreted text roles.
Basically, you only need to write:

.. code-block:: rst

    :role:`target`

And a link will be
created to the item named *target* of the type indicated by *role*. The link's
text will be the same as *target*.

You may supply an explicit title and reference target, like in reST direct
hyperlinks:

.. code-block:: rst

    :role:`title <target>`

This will refer to *target*, but the link text will be *title*.

Here are practical examples:

.. code-block:: rst

    :class:`airflow.models.dag.DAG` - link to Python API reference documentation
    :doc:`/docs/operators` - link to other document
    :ref:`handle` - link to section in current or another document

    .. _handle:

    Section title
    ----------------------------------

Role ``:class:`` works well with references between packages. If you want to use other roles, it is a good idea to specify a package:

.. code-block:: rst

    :doc:`apache-airflow:installation`
    :ref:`apache-airflow-providers-google:write-logs-stackdriver`

If you still feel confused then you can view more possible roles for our documentation:

.. code-block:: bash

    ./list-roles.sh

For more information, see: `Cross-referencing syntax <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html>`_ in Sphinx documentation

Support
=======

If you need help, write to `#documentation <https://apache-airflow.slack.com/archives/CJ1LVREHX>`__ channel on `Airflow's Slack <https://s.apache.org/airflow-slack>`__
