airflow/providers/elasticsearch/BACKPORT_PROVIDER_README.md, before:

<!--
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
 -->


# Package apache-airflow-backport-providers-elasticsearch

Release: 2021.3.3

**Table of contents**

- [Backport package](#backport-package)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [PIP requirements](#pip-requirements)
- [Provider class summary](#provider-classes-summary)
    - [Hooks](#hooks)
        - [New hooks](#new-hooks)
- [Releases](#releases)
    - [Release 2021.3.3](#release-202133)
    - [Release 2021.2.5](#release-202125)
    - [Release 2020.11.13](#release-20201113)
    - [Release 2020.10.29](#release-20201029)
    - [Release 2020.10.5](#release-2020105)
    - [Release 2020.6.24](#release-2020624)

## Backport package

This is a backport providers package for `elasticsearch` provider. All classes for this provider package
are in `airflow.providers.elasticsearch` python package.

**Only Python 3.6+ is supported for this backport package.**

While Airflow 1.10.* continues to support Python 2.7+ - you need to upgrade python to 3.6+ if you
want to use this backport package.


## Release 2021.3.3

### Bug fixes

* `Corrections in docs and tools after releasing provider RCs (#14082)`


## Release 2021.2.5

### Bug fixes

  * `Respect LogFormat when using ES logging with Json Format (#13310)`


## Installation

You can install this package on top of an existing airflow 1.10.* installation via
`pip install apache-airflow-backport-providers-elasticsearch`

## PIP requirements

| PIP package           | Version required   |
|:----------------------|:-------------------|
| `elasticsearch-dbapi` | `==0.1.0`          |
| `elasticsearch-dsl`   | `>=5.0.0`          |
| `elasticsearch`       | `>7, <7.6.0`       |

# Provider classes summary

In Airflow 2.0, all operators, transfers, hooks, sensors, secrets for the `elasticsearch` provider
are in the `airflow.providers.elasticsearch` package. You can read more about the naming conventions used
in [Naming conventions for provider packages](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst#naming-conventions-for-provider-packages)


## Hooks


### New hooks

| New Airflow 2.0 hooks: `airflow.providers.elasticsearch` package                                                                              |
|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [hooks.elasticsearch.ElasticsearchHook](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/airflow/providers/elasticsearch/hooks/elasticsearch.py) |




## Releases

### Release 2021.3.3

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                               |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [10343ec29](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/10343ec29f8f0abc5b932ba26faf49bc63c6bcda) | 2021-02-05  | `Corrections in docs and tools after releasing provider RCs (#14082)` |


### Release 2021.2.5

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                                          |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [88bdcfa0d](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43) | 2021-02-04  | `Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)`                           |
| [ac2f72c98](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b) | 2021-02-01  | `Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)`                                   |
| [3fd5ef355](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e) | 2021-01-21  | `Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)`                                    |
| [295d66f91](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a) | 2020-12-30  | `Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)`                                            |
| [b6bf25306](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b6bf25306243e78bf12528f9a080ea100a575641) | 2020-12-25  | `Respect LogFormat when using ES logging with Json Format (#13310)`              |
| [6cf76d7ac](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e) | 2020-12-18  | `Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)`                                    |
| [32971a1a2](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f) | 2020-12-09  | `Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)`                                   |
| [b40dffa08](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364) | 2020-12-08  | `Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)`                                |
| [9b39f2478](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9b39f24780e85f859236672e9060b2fbeee81b36) | 2020-12-08  | `Add support for dynamic connection form fields per provider (#12558)`           |
| [2037303ee](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/2037303eef93fd36ab13746b045d1c1fee6aa143) | 2020-11-29  | `Adds support for Connection/Hook discovery from providers (#12466)`             |
| [c34ef853c](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2) | 2020-11-20  | `Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)`                     |
| [008035450](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4) | 2020-11-18  | `Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)`                     |
| [ae7cb4a1e](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d) | 2020-11-17  | `Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)`                 |
| [6889a333c](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03) | 2020-11-15  | `Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)`                         |
| [7825e8f59](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1) | 2020-11-13  | `Docs installation improvements (#12304)`                                        |
| [85a18e13d](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75) | 2020-11-09  | `Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)` |
| [59eb5de78](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca) | 2020-11-09  | `Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)`             |
| [61feb6ec4](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/61feb6ec453f8dda1a0e1fe3ebcc0f1e3224b634) | 2020-11-09  | `Provider&#39;s readmes generated for elasticsearch and google packages (#12194)`    |


### Release 2020.11.13

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                            |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [b2a28d159](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32) | 2020-11-09  | Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)                    |
| [4e8f9cc8d](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68) | 2020-11-03  | Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)                      |
| [8c42cf1b0](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8c42cf1b00c90f0d7f11b8a3a455381de8e003c5) | 2020-11-03  | Use PyUpgrade to use Python 3.6 features (#11447)                  |
| [5a439e84e](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0) | 2020-10-26  | Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)                         |
| [872b1566a](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574) | 2020-10-25  | Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826) |
| [b680bbc0b](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574) | 2020-10-24  | Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29          |


### Release 2020.10.29

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                      |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------|
| [b680bbc0b](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574) | 2020-10-24  | Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29    |
| [349b0811c](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a) | 2020-10-20  | Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)                           |
| [16e712971](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746) | 2020-10-13  | Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487) |
| [0a0e1af80](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa) | 2020-10-03  | Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)   |


### Release 2020.10.5

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                                               |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [ca4238eb4](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13) | 2020-10-02  | Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)                                  |
| [5220e4c38](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5) | 2020-10-02  | Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)                                          |
| [f3e87c503](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3e87c503081a3085dff6c7352640d7f08beb5bc) | 2020-09-22  | Add D202 pydocstyle check (#11032)                                                    |
| [ac943c9e1](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac943c9e18f75259d531dbda8c51e650f57faa4c) | 2020-09-08  | [AIRFLOW-3964][AIP-17] Consolidate and de-dup sensor tasks using Smart Sensor (#5499) |
| [70f05ac67](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/70f05ac6775152d856d212f845e9561282232844) | 2020-09-01  | Add `log_id` field to log lines on ES handler (#10411)                                |
| [fdd9b6f65](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3) | 2020-08-25  | Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)                                           |
| [d76026545](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d7602654526fdd2876466371404784bd17cfe0d2) | 2020-08-25  | PyDocStyle: No whitespaces allowed surrounding docstring text (#10533)                |
| [3696c34c2](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3696c34c28c6bc7b442deab999d9ecba24ed0e34) | 2020-08-24  | Fix typo in the word &#34;release&#34; (#10528)                                               |
| [ee7ca128a](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ee7ca128a17937313566f2badb6cc569c614db94) | 2020-08-22  | Fix broken Markdown refernces in Providers README (#10483)                            |
| [d5d119bab](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d5d119babc97bbe3f3f690ad4a93e3b73bd3b172) | 2020-07-21  | Increase typing coverage for Elasticsearch (#9911)                                    |
| [a79e2d4c4](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a79e2d4c4aa105f3fac5ae6a28e29af9cd572407) | 2020-07-06  | Move provider&#39;s log task handlers to the provider package (#9604)                     |
| [e13a14c87](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/e13a14c8730f4f633d996dd7d3468fe827136a84) | 2020-06-21  | Enable &amp; Fix Whitespace related PyDocStyle Checks (#9458)                             |
| [d0e7db402](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d0e7db4024806af35e3c9a2cae460fdeedd4d2ec) | 2020-06-19  | Fixed release number for fresh release (#9408)                                        |


### Release 2020.6.24

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                                 |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [12af6a080](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12af6a08009b8776e00d8a0aab92363eb8c4e8b1) | 2020-06-19  | Final cleanup for 2020.6.23rc1 release preparation (#9404)              |
| [c7e5bce57](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c7e5bce57fe7f51cefce4f8a41ce408ac5675d13) | 2020-06-19  | Prepare backport release candidate for 2020.6.23rc1 (#9370)             |
| [f6bd817a3](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6bd817a3aac0a16430fc2e3d59c1f17a69a15ac) | 2020-06-16  | Introduce &#39;transfers&#39; packages (#9320)                                  |
| [0b0e4f7a4](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0b0e4f7a4cceff3efe15161fb40b984782760a34) | 2020-05-26  | Preparing for RC3 release of backports (#9026)                           |
| [00642a46d](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00642a46d019870c4decb3d0e47c01d6a25cb88c) | 2020-05-26  | Fixed name of 20 remaining wrongly named operators. (#8994)             |
| [375d1ca22](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/375d1ca229464617780623c61c6e8a1bf570c87f) | 2020-05-19  | Release candidate 2 for backport packages 2020.05.20 (#8898)            |
| [12c5e5d8a](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c5e5d8ae25fa633efe63ccf4db389e2b796d79) | 2020-05-17  | Prepare release candidate for backport packages (#8891)                 |
| [f3521fb0e](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3521fb0e36733d8bd356123e56a453fd37a6dca) | 2020-05-16  | Regenerate readme files for backport package release (#8886)            |
| [92585ca4c](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/92585ca4cb375ac879f4ab331b3a063106eb7b92) | 2020-05-15  | Added automated release notes generation for backport operators (#8807) |
| [65dd28eb7](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/65dd28eb77d996ec8306c67d5ce1ccee2c14cc9d) | 2020-02-18  | [AIRFLOW-1202] Create Elasticsearch Hook (#7358)                        |

Commit message:

Add elasticsearch to the fixes of backport providers (#14763)
We have a new elasticsearch fix and it should be added to the release
of backport providers. This change updates the documentation for the
elasticserch release.

airflow/providers/elasticsearch/BACKPORT_PROVIDER_README.md, after:

<!--
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
 -->


# Package apache-airflow-backport-providers-elasticsearch

Release: 2021.3.17

**Table of contents**

- [Backport package](#backport-package)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [PIP requirements](#pip-requirements)
- [Provider class summary](#provider-classes-summary)
    - [Hooks](#hooks)
        - [New hooks](#new-hooks)
- [Releases](#releases)
    - [Release 2021.3.17](#release-2021317)
    - [Release 2021.3.3](#release-202133)
    - [Release 2021.2.5](#release-202125)
    - [Release 2020.11.13](#release-20201113)
    - [Release 2020.10.29](#release-20201029)
    - [Release 2020.10.5](#release-2020105)
    - [Release 2020.6.24](#release-2020624)

## Backport package

This is a backport providers package for `elasticsearch` provider. All classes for this provider package
are in `airflow.providers.elasticsearch` python package.

**Only Python 3.6+ is supported for this backport package.**

While Airflow 1.10.* continues to support Python 2.7+ - you need to upgrade python to 3.6+ if you
want to use this backport package.


## Release 2021.3.3

### Bug fixes

* `Corrections in docs and tools after releasing provider RCs (#14082)`


## Release 2021.2.5

### Bug fixes

  * `Respect LogFormat when using ES logging with Json Format (#13310)`


## Installation

You can install this package on top of an existing airflow 1.10.* installation via
`pip install apache-airflow-backport-providers-elasticsearch`

## PIP requirements

| PIP package           | Version required   |
|:----------------------|:-------------------|
| `elasticsearch-dbapi` | `==0.1.0`          |
| `elasticsearch-dsl`   | `>=5.0.0`          |
| `elasticsearch`       | `>7, <7.6.0`       |

# Provider classes summary

In Airflow 2.0, all operators, transfers, hooks, sensors, secrets for the `elasticsearch` provider
are in the `airflow.providers.elasticsearch` package. You can read more about the naming conventions used
in [Naming conventions for provider packages](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst#naming-conventions-for-provider-packages)


## Hooks


### New hooks

| New Airflow 2.0 hooks: `airflow.providers.elasticsearch` package                                                                              |
|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [hooks.elasticsearch.ElasticsearchHook](https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/master/airflow/providers/elasticsearch/hooks/elasticsearch.py) |




## Releases

### Release 2021.3.17

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                           |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [662cb8c6a](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/662cb8c6ac8becb26ff405f8b21acfccdd8de2ae) | 2021-03-13  | `Prepare for releasing Elasticsearch Provider 1.0.3 (#14748)`     |
| [923bde2b9](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/923bde2b917099135adfe470a5453f663131fd5f) | 2021-03-09  | `Elasticsearch Provider: Fix logs downloading for tasks (#14686)` |
| [589d6dec9](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/589d6dec922565897785bcbc5ac6bb3b973d7f5d) | 2021-02-27  | `Prepare to release the next wave of providers: (#14487)`         |


### Release 2021.3.3

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                               |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [10343ec29](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/10343ec29f8f0abc5b932ba26faf49bc63c6bcda) | 2021-02-05  | `Corrections in docs and tools after releasing provider RCs (#14082)` |


### Release 2021.2.5

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                                          |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [88bdcfa0d](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43) | 2021-02-04  | `Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)`                           |
| [ac2f72c98](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b) | 2021-02-01  | `Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)`                                   |
| [3fd5ef355](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e) | 2021-01-21  | `Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)`                                    |
| [295d66f91](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a) | 2020-12-30  | `Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)`                                            |
| [b6bf25306](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b6bf25306243e78bf12528f9a080ea100a575641) | 2020-12-25  | `Respect LogFormat when using ES logging with Json Format (#13310)`              |
| [6cf76d7ac](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e) | 2020-12-18  | `Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)`                                    |
| [32971a1a2](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f) | 2020-12-09  | `Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)`                                   |
| [b40dffa08](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364) | 2020-12-08  | `Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)`                                |
| [9b39f2478](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9b39f24780e85f859236672e9060b2fbeee81b36) | 2020-12-08  | `Add support for dynamic connection form fields per provider (#12558)`           |
| [2037303ee](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/2037303eef93fd36ab13746b045d1c1fee6aa143) | 2020-11-29  | `Adds support for Connection/Hook discovery from providers (#12466)`             |
| [c34ef853c](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2) | 2020-11-20  | `Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)`                     |
| [008035450](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4) | 2020-11-18  | `Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)`                     |
| [ae7cb4a1e](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d) | 2020-11-17  | `Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)`                 |
| [6889a333c](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03) | 2020-11-15  | `Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)`                         |
| [7825e8f59](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1) | 2020-11-13  | `Docs installation improvements (#12304)`                                        |
| [85a18e13d](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75) | 2020-11-09  | `Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)` |
| [59eb5de78](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca) | 2020-11-09  | `Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)`             |
| [61feb6ec4](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/61feb6ec453f8dda1a0e1fe3ebcc0f1e3224b634) | 2020-11-09  | `Provider&#39;s readmes generated for elasticsearch and google packages (#12194)`    |


### Release 2020.11.13

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                            |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [b2a28d159](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32) | 2020-11-09  | Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)                    |
| [4e8f9cc8d](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68) | 2020-11-03  | Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)                      |
| [8c42cf1b0](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8c42cf1b00c90f0d7f11b8a3a455381de8e003c5) | 2020-11-03  | Use PyUpgrade to use Python 3.6 features (#11447)                  |
| [5a439e84e](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0) | 2020-10-26  | Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)                         |
| [872b1566a](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574) | 2020-10-25  | Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826) |
| [b680bbc0b](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574) | 2020-10-24  | Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29          |


### Release 2020.10.29

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                      |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------|
| [b680bbc0b](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574) | 2020-10-24  | Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29    |
| [349b0811c](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a) | 2020-10-20  | Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)                           |
| [16e712971](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746) | 2020-10-13  | Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487) |
| [0a0e1af80](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa) | 2020-10-03  | Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)   |


### Release 2020.10.5

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                                               |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [ca4238eb4](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13) | 2020-10-02  | Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)                                  |
| [5220e4c38](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5) | 2020-10-02  | Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)                                          |
| [f3e87c503](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3e87c503081a3085dff6c7352640d7f08beb5bc) | 2020-09-22  | Add D202 pydocstyle check (#11032)                                                    |
| [ac943c9e1](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac943c9e18f75259d531dbda8c51e650f57faa4c) | 2020-09-08  | [AIRFLOW-3964][AIP-17] Consolidate and de-dup sensor tasks using Smart Sensor (#5499) |
| [70f05ac67](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/70f05ac6775152d856d212f845e9561282232844) | 2020-09-01  | Add `log_id` field to log lines on ES handler (#10411)                                |
| [fdd9b6f65](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3) | 2020-08-25  | Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)                                           |
| [d76026545](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d7602654526fdd2876466371404784bd17cfe0d2) | 2020-08-25  | PyDocStyle: No whitespaces allowed surrounding docstring text (#10533)                |
| [3696c34c2](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3696c34c28c6bc7b442deab999d9ecba24ed0e34) | 2020-08-24  | Fix typo in the word &#34;release&#34; (#10528)                                               |
| [ee7ca128a](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ee7ca128a17937313566f2badb6cc569c614db94) | 2020-08-22  | Fix broken Markdown refernces in Providers README (#10483)                            |
| [d5d119bab](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d5d119babc97bbe3f3f690ad4a93e3b73bd3b172) | 2020-07-21  | Increase typing coverage for Elasticsearch (#9911)                                    |
| [a79e2d4c4](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a79e2d4c4aa105f3fac5ae6a28e29af9cd572407) | 2020-07-06  | Move provider&#39;s log task handlers to the provider package (#9604)                     |
| [e13a14c87](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/e13a14c8730f4f633d996dd7d3468fe827136a84) | 2020-06-21  | Enable &amp; Fix Whitespace related PyDocStyle Checks (#9458)                             |
| [d0e7db402](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d0e7db4024806af35e3c9a2cae460fdeedd4d2ec) | 2020-06-19  | Fixed release number for fresh release (#9408)                                        |


### Release 2020.6.24

| Commit                                                                                         | Committed   | Subject                                                                 |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [12af6a080](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12af6a08009b8776e00d8a0aab92363eb8c4e8b1) | 2020-06-19  | Final cleanup for 2020.6.23rc1 release preparation (#9404)              |
| [c7e5bce57](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c7e5bce57fe7f51cefce4f8a41ce408ac5675d13) | 2020-06-19  | Prepare backport release candidate for 2020.6.23rc1 (#9370)             |
| [f6bd817a3](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6bd817a3aac0a16430fc2e3d59c1f17a69a15ac) | 2020-06-16  | Introduce &#39;transfers&#39; packages (#9320)                                  |
| [0b0e4f7a4](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0b0e4f7a4cceff3efe15161fb40b984782760a34) | 2020-05-26  | Preparing for RC3 release of backports (#9026)                           |
| [00642a46d](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00642a46d019870c4decb3d0e47c01d6a25cb88c) | 2020-05-26  | Fixed name of 20 remaining wrongly named operators. (#8994)             |
| [375d1ca22](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/375d1ca229464617780623c61c6e8a1bf570c87f) | 2020-05-19  | Release candidate 2 for backport packages 2020.05.20 (#8898)            |
| [12c5e5d8a](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c5e5d8ae25fa633efe63ccf4db389e2b796d79) | 2020-05-17  | Prepare release candidate for backport packages (#8891)                 |
| [f3521fb0e](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3521fb0e36733d8bd356123e56a453fd37a6dca) | 2020-05-16  | Regenerate readme files for backport package release (#8886)            |
| [92585ca4c](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/92585ca4cb375ac879f4ab331b3a063106eb7b92) | 2020-05-15  | Added automated release notes generation for backport operators (#8807) |
| [65dd28eb7](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/65dd28eb77d996ec8306c67d5ce1ccee2c14cc9d) | 2020-02-18  | [AIRFLOW-1202] Create Elasticsearch Hook (#7358)                        |
